The scenarios described below revolve around two of our most important use-cases, "Determine probable landing locations" and "Go/no-go function".  
These two use-cases are described in detail in the [Project Requirements document](https://gitlab.ecs.vuw.ac.nz/course-work/engr300/2020/group9/group-9/-/blob/master/project_requirement/project-requirement.md) under Section 3.2.  
These two use-cases were chosen because they are very essential as they are both required for the minimum viable product.  
  
**Scenario 1**  
Launcher (the individual responsible for launching the rocket) picks a launch location using the GUI. Then the launcher indicates to the system that they intend to launch the rocket. The rocket then determines the probable landing locations by using the GPS coordinates of the rocket to get the local weather data from the weather API. This data is then sent to the monte-carlo simulation which calculates and returns a set of probable landing locations.  
In this scenario the rocket is positioned in a very spacious area and the local weather data indicates that it is a sunny day, with minimal clouds and very low wind therefore the monte-carlo simulation responds with many landing locations with each location having a high probablility of being acceptable/safe.
These locations are displayed to the launcher via the GUI. Immediately after this, the Go/no-go function receives these locations and their probabilities and compares this to an already established tolerance. Because the probabilities of the landing locations are high the Go/no-go function returns a Go signal which is displayed to the launcher (the launcher is told launching can commence).
Pre-launch checks are successfuly performed and all pass so a launch signal to the rocket is sent. The rocket then launches after a countdown. The launcher can then see the rocket's attributes via the GUI.
  
**Scenario 2**  
Launcher picks a launch location using the GUI. Then the launcher indicates to the system that they intend to launch the rocket. The launcher enters in the weather conditions manually instead of using the weather API to automatically obtain the weather conditions. The conditions are then sent to the monte-carlo simulation which calculates and returns a set of probable landing locations.  
In this scenario the rocket is positioned in a cramped area and the local weather conditions entered by the user are fairly winds and possible showers. Therefore the monte-carlo simulation responds with a few locations with each location having a low probablility of being acceptable/safe.
These locations are displayed to the launcher via the GUI. Immediately after this, the Go/no-go function receives these locations and their probabilities and compares this to an already established tolerance. Because the probabilities of the landing locations are low the Go/no-go function returns a No-Go signal which is displayed to the launcher (the launcher is told launching can't commence).
The GUI then displays that if the launcher changes the launch angle of the rocket to be 5 degrees closer to vertical it will be more likely that launch can commence. The launcher does so and requests landing locations to be recalculated.
Landing locations are recalculated and the probability of the landing locations are significantly higher. These probabilities are higher than the Go/No-go function's tolerance so the Go/No-go function tells the launcher that the launch can commence (graphically via the GUI).
Finally, pre-launch checks are successfuly performed however, some of them fail so a signal to the rocket is sent communicating to the rocket that the launch can't commence.
  
**Scenario 3**  
Launcher picks a launch location using the GUI. Then the launcher indicates to the system that they intend to launch the rocket. The rocket then determines the probable landing locations by using the GPS coordinates of the rocket to get the local weather data from the weather API. This data is then sent to the monte-carlo simulation which calculates and returns a set of probable landing locations.  
In this scenario the rocket is positioned in a fairly spacious area and the local weather data indicates that it is a partly cloudy day with moderate wind therefore the monte-carlo simulation responds with a few landing locations with each location have a quite high probablility of being acceptable/safe.
These locations are displayed to the launcher via the GUI. Immediately after this, the Go/no-go function receives these locations and their probabilities and compares this to an already established tolerance. The probabilities of the landing locations are just higher than the Go/no-go function's tolerance so the function returns a Go signal which is displayed to the launcher (the launcher is told launching can commence).
The launcher then decides to cancel the launch as they personally find the probabitilies of the landing locations to be too low for their liking.

**How the scenarios relates to the Logical View:**   
Throughout the scenarios the Launcher and system is interacting with the Controller package (the GUI), e.g. Launcher indicating to the system that they want to launch the rocket, the system updating the Controller package to show probable landing locations and the system updating the Controller package to tell the user if launching can commence.  
In the View package the class SelectMapView is utilized to show and allow the user to pick a launch location, in Scenario 1 the class DisplayMapView is used to show the rocket's attributes and the Weather data dialog class is used in Scenario 2 when the launcher enters in the weather conditions manually. Also the Console view is used in Scenario 2 as well when the pre-launch checks fail.  
The Avionics interface package (specifically the Serial Driver class and Listener Manager class) is used to send the launch/no-launch signal to the rocket.  
When communicating with the Monte-Carlo Simulation, the OpenRocket/Monte-Carlo class is used. The simulation file interface is used to interpret the data (probable landing locations) the Monte-Carlo simulation sends and the simulation listeners are used to detect this data.  
When obtaining the weather data using the weather API the External Data package is utilized (in particular the NOAA interface and MapDataRetriever and Map Data Interface). This weather data format is defined by 'Weather Data' in the Commons package
  
**How the scenarios relates to the Development View:**  
The scenarios also relate to the components described in the Development View. For example in Scenario 2, when the Go/No-go function says to the Launcher that it is not possible for the rocket to launch unless the Launcher changes the launch angle, this utilizes many components. These components include the Controller component (displaying to the launcher that launching can't commence and giving recommendations), the View component (Showing the Map view with the probable landing locations), the Observer component (Observing the change in launch angle) and the Model component (the Model updating in response to this angle change).  
The persistence component is also used in the scenarios to retrieve and store the Monte-carlo simulation data (with the Monte-carlo simulation also being a component) and the Network component is used to obtain the weather data from the weather API.  
In Scenario 3, also the Component model is used to communicate to the launcher that the launch has been cancelled.

**How the scenarios relates to the Process View:**  
All the processing in these scenarios (e.g. Obtaining the weather data from the weather API, showing the probable landing locations etc.) will be quick and with minimal delay since the Process View outlines that the core logic of our mission control program will be single-threaded so only one instance of it can be run on a computer at a time. Also parts of the scenario directly relate to the Process Activity Diagram.  
For example, when the launcher in Scenario 2 chooses to enter in the weather data this relates to the Open Weather Data dialog component of the activity diagram. Or when the local weather data is obtained from the weather API this relates to the "download NOAA weather data for launch site" and "Analyse weather data" components. One more example is when the system is interacting with the Monte-Carlo simulation in the scenarios this is directly related to the "Connect to Monte-Carlo Simulator", "Transfer rocket and weather data to Monte-Carlo simulator", "Load data from Monte-Carlo Simulations" components.
Most of the links between the activity diagram and the scenarios are self explanatory and can be easily seen.
  
**How the scenarios relates to the Physical View:**  
In regards to the physical view all the processing done in the scenarios will be executed in the mission control software that will run on a laptop. The monte-carlo simulation data is generated from the Monte-Carlo simulation software that will run on the same laptop so, these two programs on the laptop will communicate to each other. The Monte-Carlo simulation data likely will be stored in a file on this laptop. Also, when the laptop connects to the NOAA interface this interface requires the Internet to obtain the weather data.
